well Michael Pickens good job man yeah
thanks
great way to start the USA campaign for
us here on the second last time that
some prayer in we wanted one meeting we
got it's not a good job that last lap
got close one of the back markers it
looked like you two might have touched
it a little bit yeah to be honest like I
couldn't even see the flag stand and I
didn't even realize the rice was over us
is trying to look after my right rear
exit laid rubber about a car with off
the cushion and set trying to look after
that and make sure it in Rick it that
midway through the race I did see you go
down to the bottom through turns one and
two
was that just to test the ground down
there or was that your plan maybe to go
down and maybe cool the tires a little
bit yeah I mean he always looking
searching and the trouble is widen your
lady bit of a guinea pig really I guess
and you just gotta keep searching and
and and you know have a feel for where
the cars as fastest so we did that and
here came out on top
you're in your American campaign now how
many races were you run here in United
States we're running a total of 10 so
we've run two so far including tonight's
we got a lift all right ladies and
gentlemen from Auckland New Zealand
Lady Mary Michael Pickens